Update doc in GitOps related sections for 0.6.0 release (#578)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/tasks/cluster/cluster-upgrades.md

* Cert-manager
* Etcdadm CAPI provider
* EKS Anywhere controllers and CRDs
* GitOps controllers (Flux) - this is an optional component, will be upgraded only if specified

The latest versions of these core EKS Anywhere components are embedded into a bundles manifest that the CLI uses to fetch the latest versions 
and image builds needed for each component upgrade. 
The command detects both component version changes and new builds of the same versioned component.
If there is a new Kubernetes version that is going to get rolled out, the core components get upgraded before the Kubernetes
version. 
Irrespective of a Kubernetes version change, the upgrade command will always upgrade the internal EKS

> Anywhere components mentioned above to their latest available versions. Most upgrade changes are backwards compatible.

Reviewer: "Most upgrade changes are backwards compatible." 
as a user, this raises more questions for me than it answers. Do we have a list of which are backward compatible and which are not? If this isn't something we clearly supply maybe remove this phrase

Author: how about "All upgrade changes are backwards compatible expect GitOps"?

Reviewer: yeah that makes sense

#### GitOps controller upgrade

> In order to accommodate the management cluster feature, the CLI structures the repo directory following the convention:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to accommodate the management cluster feature, the CLI will now structure the repo directory following a new convention:
```

```
clusters
└── management-cluster
    ├── flux-system
    │   └── ...
    ├── management-cluster
    │   └── eksa-system
    │       └── eksa-cluster.yaml
    ├── workload-cluster-1
    │   └── eksa-system
    │       └── eksa-cluster.yaml
    └── workload-cluster-2
        └── eksa-system
            └── eksa-cluster.yaml
```

> *By default, Flux kustomization reconciles at the management cluster's root level (`./clusters/management-cluster`), so both management and all its workload clusters are synced.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*By default, Flux kustomization reconciles at the management cluster's root level (`./clusters/management-cluster`), so both the management cluster and all of the workload clusters it manages are synced.*
```

> To upgrade an existing GitOps enabled cluster that was created with older release (v0.5.0 and below), a manual Git repo update is needed before running the upgrade command. User needs to bring the eksa cluster config into a subfolder under the management cluster's root level (shown as above). And update the `clusterConfigPath` field in the `eksa-cluster.yaml`, to reflect the new path that holds the `eksa-system` directory. e.g.

Reviewer: I think the first information we present after ["GitOps Controller Upgrade"](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/pull/578/files#diff-34ef9f9e4b2404d53a4b13741331d54859a0195da2bdca57ae73e83d3626aa06R49) should be a bolded or note-boxed call-out which draws the users attention to the fact that we need to perform a manual action before upgrading; I think this should be before displaying the new convention and explaining how to change  the dir structure for existing repos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Upgrading an existing GitOps enabled cluster created by an older release of the EKS-A CLI (v0.5.0 and below) requires a manual update to the git repository structure.__ 

Before running the `upgrade` command on an existing GitOps enabled cluster, you must:
- move the eksa cluster config into a subdirectory under the management cluster's root level (as shown above).
- update the `clusterConfigPath` field of the `GitOpsConfig` of the `eksa-cluster.yaml` to reflect the new path of the `eksa-system` directory. For example:
```

Author: jesus only by comparison do i realize how bad my writing is. yours so short but clear

```yaml
apiVersion: anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/v1alpha1
kind: GitOpsConfig
metadata:
  name: management-cluster
spec:
  flux:
    github:
      clusterConfigPath: clusters/management-cluster/management-cluster # old: clusters/management-cluster
      ...
```

> After pushing the changes to the Git repo, user can savely run the upgrade command and expect the Flux components to be upgraded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After pushing the changes to the Git repo, user can safely run the `upgrade` command, and the Flux components will be upgraded.
```
